W-15193836-rtf-toc-reorganization-kt (#1254)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/setting-up-runtime-fabric.adoc

= Setting Up Runtime Fabric

> The following topics helps you to install, configure, unistall and upgrade Anypoint Runtime Fabric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following topics help you install, configure, uninstall, and upgrade Anypoint Runtime Fabric.
```

* xref:index-vm-bare-metal.adoc[Preparing your VM/Bare Metal Cluster for Runtime Fabric Installation] +

> Ensure that VM/Bare metal cluster underlying infrastructure meets the necessary hardware and networking requirements to install Runtime Fabric effectively. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that the VM/Bare metal cluster underlying infrastructure meets the necessary hardware and networking requirements to install Runtime Fabric effectively. 
```
